# 20160920

## Index

- 1 memo - if you use design pattern to change style before and after.
- 2 making ThinkBank directory
- 3 making themes direcotory
- 4 seven plus(七田式) english
- 5 image to sound
- 6 memo - web smooth cooperation
- 7 architecture and design pattern and argorism

-------------------------------

## 1 memo - if you use design pattern to change style before and after.

before

- try cording
- diagram draw with pencil for note


after

- try basic design

	requirement difinition

- class design


analysis

before

this pattern will have problem when support of cording and expand class at after complete.

mvc is software architecture

monolithic or micro service


-------------------------------

## 2 making ThinkBank directory

if you need study specific lang.
this use.

-------------------------------

## 3 making themes direcotory

lerning
test
practice


define count time. 
try theme.

overview,diagram,

first,second step

you writting diagram figure that depending on the products.



-------------------------------

## 4 - seven plus(七田式) english


i like to
i want to
i need 
i have
do you have
do you want me to
i can
can you
can you tell me
can i
i have to
you don't have to
mybe you should
you must be
i'll

i'm going to
are you going to
i'm glad to
i'd like to
would you like to
let me
let's
don't
be careful not to
that sounds
i feel like
you look
it's difficult to
it's too -to
is it okay to

is it possible for you to
i look forward to
thank you fo -- ing
what !
what's ?
what are you going to
where is ?
when is ?
what time did you ?
which is
who is ?
whose ?
why are you ?
because i
why don't you ?

how is ?
how do you ?
how many ?
how about ?
i think
i hope
i'm sure
i'm sorry to
that's what
that's why
i don't know if
do you mean ?
do you know ?
i've 
have you ?

-------------------------------

## 5 image to sound

natural lerning english


-------------------------------
## 6 memo - web smooth cooperation

ver admin - git

cms - wordpress


-------------------------------

## 7 architecture and design pattern and argorism

need answer of interview.

Q what difference of below word. 

- architexture
- design pattern
- argorism

what use by case?

A 
- architexture is application flamework or use library.
- design pattern is create object of app function.
- argorism is data processing.

degression: mvc architexture is aggregate of design patterns.

[model view controller for wiki](https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_View_Controller)






























